Add public documentation for contributors to Agave (#4005)
anza-xyz/agave: docs/src/contributing/code-style.md

# Agave Style Guidelines

> The goal of these guidelines is to improve developer productivity by allowing
> developers to jump into any file in the codebase and not need to adapt to
> inconsistencies in how the code is written. The codebase should appear as if it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These guidelines aim to improve developer productivity by ensuring consistency across the codebase, allowing developers to seamlessly navigate and contribute without adapting to varying coding styles. The codebase should appear as if it
```

> had been authored by a single developer. If you don't agree with a convention,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has been authored by a single developer. If you don't agree with a convention,
```

There is no single person assigned to watching GitHub PR queue and ushering you
through the process. Typically, you will ask the person that wrote a component
to review changes to it. You can find the author using `git blame` or asking on
Discord.  When working to get your PR merged, it's most important to understand
that changing the code is your priority and not necessarily a priority of the
person you need an approval from. Also, while you may interact the most with
the component author, you should aim to be inclusive of others. Providing a
detailed problem description is the most effective means of engaging both the
component author and other potentially interested parties.

If you want early feedback on your PR, use GitHub's "Draft Pull Request"
mechanism. Draft PRs are a convenient way to collaborate without triggering
notifications as you make changes. When you feel your PR is ready for a broader
audience, you can transition to a standard PR with the click of a button.

### Draft Pull Requests

Consider opening all PRs as Draft Pull Requests first. Using a draft PR allows
you to kickstart the CI automation, which typically takes a couple of hours

> to execute. Use that time to write a detailed problem description and explain your thinking.

Reviewer: noticing some overlapping info between code-style.md and pull-request.md. should we remove one of these? or is the repeated info intentional?

Author: Not intentional, idea is to harmonize them. Overlap should be removed. But given feedback from @t-nelson implying a separate PR for CONTRIBUTING.md changes I am not sure how to best handle that.

of the direction" suddenly has the appearance of "I approve of these changes."
Instead, add a comment that mentions the usernames that you would like a review
from. Ask explicitly what you would like feedback on.

### What should be in my PR description?

Reviewing code is hard work and generally involves an attempt to guess the
author's intent at various levels. Please assume reviewer time is scarce and do
what you can to make your PR as consumable as possible. Inspired by techniques
for writing good whitepapers, the guidance here aims to maximize reviewer
engagement.

Assume the reviewer will spend no more than a few seconds reading the PR title.
If it doesn't describe a noteworthy change, don't expect the reviewer to click
to see more.

Next, like the abstract of a whitepaper, the reviewer will spend ~30 seconds
reading the PR problem description. If what is described there doesn't look
more important than competing issues, don't expect the reviewer to read on.

Next, the reviewer will read the proposed changes. At this point, the reviewer
needs to be convinced the proposed changes are a *good* solution to the problem

> described above.  If the proposed changes, not the code changes, generates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
described above. If the proposed changes, not the code changes, generates
```

my_crate = { workspace=true,  features = ["dev-context-only-utils"] }
```

### Public API

When working on any crate, please be considerate of the fact that most agave crates get pushed on crates.io,

> and thus breaking public API on them is not desirable. Thus, unless you absolutely must,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and thus breaking public API on them is discouraged. Thus, unless you absolutely must,
```

Reviewer 2: maybe some stronger word? since later you say that unless absolutely must

you should generally avoid doing so where possible. Please refer to the [semver guide](https://semver.org/).

### Allocator usage

When possible, avoid dynamic allocations of memory. While not particularly expensive in any one place, agave allocates a lot of memory every second, which creates contention for global allocator locks. Thus, if your code can be expected to run often:

>  * avoid `Box`, `.clone()` and `.collect()` where possible

Reviewer 2: I feel your pain

Author: atomic increment will invalidate the cache line on all cores, so its impact can get amplified, especially in a large thread pool. But in the context of "Allocator usage" the guideline means that you should not clone vectors in a busy loop if you can help it. Though maybe I have not expressed it super well.
